Doctor, why did my daughter-in-law suddenly faint?
Say something
What the hell is going on?
I'm okay, I don't feel uncomfortable.
Brother, you are pregnant, don't you know?
You family members
It's too irresponsible
Oops, is my baby okay?
You are too weak
It is recommended to leave a message for observation. Okay.
Hey, Auntie, it's okay to attract wealth, you don't understand.
When I was pregnant with Azhan
I just didn't take care of it well
So it was born prematurely
Auntie, what kind of person do you think Ah Zhan is?
Ah Zheng, he used to be very enterprising.
Only companies and projects are in sight
Where is he now?
After marrying you
He has changed hahaha mom
Are you complimenting me?
It's a compliment to you, hahaha.
Qiannu, I was wrong about what happened before
Don't mind, how could it be?
Their daughters-in-law are demanding
It's okay to be picky.
But this time it's all my fault, how can I blame you?
This is what Lin Ziyun did
You don't change your mind
Mom always thinks you haven't forgiven him
Mom
Dazhi, accompany Qian Yun, I'll go buy something to eat
Don't drink you and the baby, hahaha.
Oh so good
Whose baby?
Ours, you are pregnant.